# rock-paper-scissors
This is my first project using Javascript. Although the program alerts the user for an input, the results of the indivual matches and the overall game is all visible only through the terminal. A few times I noticed that I would leave the end of an if/else if chain as a simple 'else' which often left me with strange results. I learned that it would better to be more explicit with my outcomes and from that process helped me to better understand any logic errors I was making. 

For the second round of updates working with this code, my task was to have the functions not only run within JS but on the actual page through HTML and CSS. I initially struggled using 'addEventListener' and where I could fit in my already written code into these functions. I have to give credit to freeCodeCamp's svideo, "Web Development Tutorial - Rock Paper Scissors Game" for helping me see how I could link all the elements of this program together. I had no idea what it meant to 'cache the dom' before watching his video, and it helped me connect my own JS elements to the HTML page. On many attempts, I would attempt to use the button click functionality within the program but wasn't sure how to save that as actual data. I would watch some parts of this youtube video or google different methods, but did my best to not follow along with exactly what he was doing. I would reference if there was something specific i was looking for, but then try again on my own. I'm sure that linking the three elements will become easier as I better learn what to expect when I use these different tools.
